This is you forcing me.
Hey.
Don t you have a brother who always wanted to get married?
Arrange for me.
I want to see it.
Snow will not be able to save his brother.
Sister, save me, sister, save me.
Hey, who are you?
What did you do to my brother?
Hey, you're Nie Xiaoyuan's sister.
Are you bleeding?
Who are you?
How's my brother?
Your brother owes me two million.
I'll give you an hour to buy two million dollars.
If you are late, call the police or go with someone else.
Your brother's hands are unprotected.
Hey.
No.
They want money.
If I call the police right now
My brother will be in danger.
The secret says
It is very important to cooperate with the general manager today, I am in the office.
How could I forget?
The little rain helped me get a leave of absence.
No, Director General Cuban is talking about a very important partnership.
Can't bother him.
Hi, Song Ye.
Do you have two million?
Let me borrow some.
I don't have that much.
What's going on? I'll tell you later.
How much money do you have now?
Let me borrow it first.